Update contribution guide (#19700)
huggingface/transformers: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Implement new models.
* Contribute to the examples or to the documentation.

If you don't know where to start, there is a special [Good First
Issue](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/contribute) listing. It will give you a list of
open issues that are beginner-friendly and help you start contributing to open-source. Just comment in the issue that you'd like to work
on it. 

For something slightly more challenging, you can also take a look at the [Good Second Issue](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/labels/Good%20Second%20Issue) list. In general though, if you feel like you know what you're doing, go for it and we'll help you get there! 🚀

> All contributions are equally valuable to the community. 🥰

## Fixing outstanding issues

If you notice an issue with the existing code and have a fix in mind, feel free to [start contributing](contributing#start-contributing-pull-requests) and open a Pull Request!

## Submitting a bug-related issue or feature request

Do your best to follow these guidelines when submitting a bug-related issue or a feature
request. It will make it easier for us to come back to you quickly and with good
feedback.

### Did you find a bug?

> The 🤗 Transformers library is robust and reliable thanks to users who report an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 🤗 Transformers library is robust and reliable thanks to users who report the problems they encounter.
```

Before you report an issue, we would really appreciate it if you could **make sure the bug was not
already reported** (use the search bar on GitHub under Issues).

Once you've confirmed the bug hasn't already been reported, please include the following information in your issue so we can quickly resolve it:

* Your **OS type and version** and **Python**, **PyTorch** and
  **TensorFlow** versions when applicable.
* A short, self-contained, code snippet that allows us to reproduce the bug in
  less than 30s.

> * A *full* traceback if an exception is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *full* traceback if an exception is raised.
```

To get the OS and software versions automatically, run the following command:

```bash
transformers-cli env
```

You can also run the same command from the root of the repository:

```bash
python src/transformers/commands/transformers_cli.py env
```

### Do you want a new feature?

If there is a new feature you'd like to see in 🤗 Transformers, please open an issue and describe:

1. What is the *motivation* behind this feature? Is it related to a problem or frustration with the library? Is it a feature related to something you need for a project? Is it something you worked on and think it could benefit the community?

   Whatever it is, we'd love to hear about it!

2. Describe your requested feature in as much detail as possible. The more you can tell us about it, the better we'll be able to help you.
3. Provide a *code snippet* that demonstrates the features usage.
4. If the feature is related to a paper, please include a link.
5. Attach any other additional information (drawings, screenshots, etc.) you think may help.

> If your issue is well written we're already 80% of the way there by the time you create it.

Reviewer: This applies more to the bug report than the feature request.

## Do you want to add documentation?

We're always looking for improvements to the documentation that make it more clear and accurate. Please let us know how the documentation can be improved such as typos and any content that is missing, unclear or inaccurate. We'll be happy to make the changes or help you make a contribution if you're interested!

For more details about how to generate, build, and write the documentation, take a look at the documentation [README](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/docs).

## Create a Pull Request

Before writing any code, we strongly advise you to search through the existing PRs or
issues to make sure nobody is already working on the same thing. If you are
unsure, it is always a good idea to open an issue to get some feedback.

You will need basic `git` proficiency to contribute to
🤗 Transformers. While `git` is not the easiest tool to use, it has the greatest
manual. Type `git --help` in a shell and enjoy! If you prefer books, [Pro
Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2) is a very good reference.

> You'll need **[Python 3.7]((https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/setup.py#L426))** to contribute to 🤗 Transformers. Follow the steps below to start contributing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need **[Python 3.7]((https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/setup.py#L426))** or above to contribute to 🤗 Transformers. Follow the steps below to start contributing:
```

   $ git checkout -b a-descriptive-name-for-my-changes
   ```

   🚨 **Do not** work on the `main` branch!

4. Set up a development environment by running the following command in a virtual environment:

   ```bash
   $ pip install -e ".[dev]"
   ```

   If 🤗 Transformers was already installed in the virtual environment, remove
   it with `pip uninstall transformers` before reinstalling it in editable
   mode with the `-e` flag.

>    To run the full test suite, you might need the `datasets` dependency which requires a separate source

Reviewer: This is no longer true and will be installed via the `pip install -e ".[dev]", so the whole paragraph can be removed.

   $ pip install -e .
   ```

>    If you have already cloned `datasets`, you might need to `git pull` to get the most recent changes in the `datasets`

Reviewer: Same this can be removed.

   library.
   
   Depending on your OS, you may need to install some external libraries as well if the `pip` installation fails.
   
   For macOS, you will likely need [MeCab](https://taku910.github.io/mecab/) which can be installed from Homebrew:
   
   ```bash
   brew install mecab
   ```

5. Develop the features on your branch.

   As you work on your code, you should make sure the test suite
   passes. Run the tests impacted by your changes like this:

   ```bash
   $ pytest tests/<TEST_TO_RUN>.py
   ```

   You can also run the full suite with the following command, but it takes
   a powerful machine to generate the results in a tolerable amount of time now that

>    🤗 Transformers has grown a lot. Here is the command for it:

Reviewer: At this stage even a powerful machine would take too long. I would remove this entirely.

   make sure you install the documentation builder:
   
   ```bash
   $ pip install ".[docs]"
   ```

   Run the following command from the root of the repository:

   ```bash
   $ doc-builder build transformers docs/source/en --build_dir ~/tmp/test-build
   ```

   This will build the documentation in the `~/tmp/test-build` folder where you can inspect the generated
   Markdown files with your favorite editor. You can also preview the docs on GitHub when you open a pull request.

   Once you're happy with your changes, add changed files with `git add` and
   record your changes locally with `git commit`:

   ```bash
   $ git add modified_file.py
   $ git commit
   ```

   Please remember to write [good commit
   messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) to clearly communicate the changes you made!

   To keep your copy of the code up to date with the original
   repository, rebase your branch on `upstream/branch` *before* you open a pull request or if requested by a maintainer:

   ```bash
   $ git fetch upstream
   $ git rebase upstream/main
   ```

>    Force push your changes after you rebase:

Reviewer: Sorry, I was a bit unclear. This is only if they push the changes after opening the pull request. If the pull request is not open yet, there is no need to force.

   If you prefer to run the checks one after the other, the following command applies the
   style corrections:

   ```bash
   $ make style
   ```

   🤗 Transformers also uses `flake8` and a few custom scripts to check for coding mistakes. Quality
   controls are run by the CI, but you can run the same checks with:

   ```bash
   $ make quality
   ```

   Finally, we have a lot of scripts to make sure we didn't forget to update
   some files when adding a new model. You can run these scripts with:

   ```bash
   $ make repo-consistency
   ```

   To learn more about those checks and how to fix any issues with them, check out the
   [Checks on a Pull Request](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/pr_checks) guide.

   If you're modifying documents under `docs/source` directory, make sure the documentation can still be built. This check will also run in the CI when you open a pull request. To run a local check
   make sure you install the documentation builder. First, you will need to clone the
   [doc-builder](https://github.com/huggingface/doc-builder) tool that builds our documentation:
   
   ```bash
   $ pip install git+https://github.com/huggingface/doc-builder

>    ```

Reviewer: This will also be installed by the command below, so can all be removed.

   Then, make sure you have all the dependencies to build the docs with:
   
   ```bash
   $ pip install ".[docs]"
   ```

   Finally, run the following command from the root of the repository:

   ```bash

>    $ doc-builder build transformers docs/source/ --build_dir ~/tmp/test-build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ doc-builder build transformers docs/source/en --build_dir ~/tmp/test-build
```

   ```

   This will build the documentation in the `~/tmp/test-build` folder where you can inspect the generated
   Markdown files with your favorite editor. You can also preview the docs on GitHub when you open a pull request.

   Once you're happy with your changes, add changed files with `git add` and
   record your changes locally with `git commit`:

   ```bash
   $ git add modified_file.py
   $ git commit
   ```

   Please remember to write [good commit
   messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/) to clearly communicate the changes you made!

   It is a good idea to regularly sync your copy of the code with the original
   repository so you can quickly account for changes:

   ```bash
   $ git fetch upstream
   $ git rebase upstream/main
   ```

   Push the changes to your account with:

   ```bash
   $ git push -u origin a-descriptive-name-for-my-changes

>    ```

Reviewer: Add a note here that the user should add `--force` to this command after a rebase.

6. Now you can go to your fork of the repository on GitHub and click on **Pull request** to open a pull request. Make sure you tick off all the boxes in our [checklist](contributing#checklist) below. When you're ready, you can send your changes to the project maintainers for review.

7. It's ok if maintainers request changes, it happens to our core contributors
   too! So everyone can see the changes in the pull request, work in your local
   branch and push the changes to your fork. They will automatically appear in
   the pull request.

### Pull request checklist

- [ ] The pull request title should summarize your contribution.
- [ ] If your pull request addresses an issue, please mention the issue number in the pull request description to make sure they are linked (and people viewing the issue know you are working on it).
- [ ] To indicate a work in progress please prefix the title with `[WIP]`. These are useful to avoid duplicated work, and to differentiate it from PRs ready to be merged.
- [ ] Make sure existing tests pass.

> - [ ] Add high-coverage tests. Your PR won't be merged if there is no quality testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If adding a new feature, add tests for it.
```

   - If you are adding a new model, make sure you use
     `ModelTester.all_model_classes = (MyModel, MyModelWithLMHead,...)` to trigger the common tests.
   - If you are adding new `@slow` tests, make sure they pass using

>      `RUN_SLOW=1 python -m pytest tests/test_my_new_model.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     `RUN_SLOW=1 python -m pytest tests/models/my_new_model/test_my_new_model.py`.
```

   - If you are adding a new tokenizer, write tests and make sure

>      `RUN_SLOW=1 python -m pytest tests/test_tokenization_{your_model_name}.py` passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     `RUN_SLOW=1 python -m pytest tests/models/{your_model_name}/test_tokenization_{your_model_name}.py` passes.
```

   CircleCI does not run the slow tests, but GitHub Actions does every night!
- [ ] All public methods must have informative docstrings (see [`modeling_bert.py`](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/main/src/transformers/models/bert/modeling_bert.py) for an example).

> - [ ] Due to the rapidly growing repository, don't add any images, videos and other non-text files that'll significantly weigh down the repository. Instead, use a Hub repository such as [`hf-internal-testing`](https://huggingface.co/hf-internal-testing) to host these files and reference them by URL. We recommend placing documentation related images in the following repository: [huggingface/documentation-images](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images). If it is an external contribution, feel free to add the images to your PR and ask a Hugging Face member to migrate your images to this dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Due to the rapidly growing repository, don't add any images, videos and other non-text files that'll significantly weigh down the repository. Instead, use a Hub repository such as [`hf-internal-testing`](https://huggingface.co/hf-internal-testing) to host these files and reference them by URL. We recommend placing documentation related images in the following repository: [huggingface/documentation-images](https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images). You can open a PR on this dataset repo and ask a Hugging Face member to merge it.
```

For more information about the checks run on a pull request, take a look at our [Checks on a Pull Request](pr_checks) guide.

### Tests

An extensive test suite is included to test the library behavior and several examples. Library tests can be found in
the [tests](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/tests) folder and examples tests in the
[examples](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/examples) folder.

We like `pytest` and `pytest-xdist` because it's faster. From the root of the

> repository, here's how to run tests with `pytest`:

Reviewer: Again it should be stressed out not to run this actual command but specify a path to a subfolder/test file.

```bash
$ python -m pytest -n auto --dist=loadfile -s -v ./tests/
```

For the examples:

```bash
$ pip install -r examples/xxx/requirements.txt  # only needed the first time
$ python -m pytest -n auto --dist=loadfile -s -v ./examples/
```

In fact, this is actually how our `make test` and `make test-examples` commands are implemented (not including the `pip install`)!

You can also specify a smaller set of tests in order to test only the feature
you're working on.

By default, slow tests are skipped but you can set the `RUN_SLOW` environment variable to
`yes` to run them. This will download many gigabytes of models so make sure you

> have enough disk space, a good internet connection or a lot of patience!

Reviewer: Even more so for those ones.

$ python -m unittest discover -s examples -t examples -v
```

### Style guide

For documentation strings, 🤗 Transformers follows the [Google Python Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/pyguide.html).
Check our [documentation writing guide](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/tree/main/docs#writing-documentation---specification)
for more information.

### Develop on Windows

> On Windows, you need to configure git to transform Windows `CRLF` line endings to Linux `LF` line endings:

Reviewer: Maybe mention that this does not apply if users are working in WSL.
